# Attempting Ken Forkish's White Bread with Poolish

## Take-Aways
- The poolish recipe is off the hook
- Make sure you halve everything 😕 
- Start the poolish in the *smaller* bowl 
- Need to get something to measure yeast
- 485 is a good temperature to bake at (aiming for 475 reference)


-----
## Mixing the Poolish

7pm, 1 hour behind schedule because my last two breads were over proofed
- 250 g white flour
- 250 g water at 79 F
- god knows how much yeast- I aimed for .2g but don't have subgram readings so who knows

## Mixing the Dough

I started at 8 am, which is an hour behind schedule... but I think the poolish was already past-prime because it was bubbly (and lovely) but the bubbles weren't popping. Many bubbles were already popped though so I don't think it wasn't ready yet. I thought it was pretty cool overnnight but the thermostat currently reads 72 so. 

- 250 g white flour
- 1.? g yeast. I really need a better scale or 1/16 teaspoons
- 10.5ish g salt
- 125 g water at 105 F

I was supposed to add 125 g water, but I accidently added 250 g water- but then I siphoned off 125 g before it could get absorbed. Phew. Who knew breadmaking was so stressful.

Final temperature : 72 F

## Folds

Fold 1 @ 8:50 (it took me a while to get all the dough mixed, allowing time for catastrophe)
Fold 2 @ 9:10 
Fold 3 @ 9:30

I realized during Fold 1 that my dough wasn't mixed great... parts were gloopy and parts were chalky. I tried to wet down the really dry parts during the fold.

## Shaping

Checked in at 10:40 but I think it's got more room to rise, so I'll leave it a little longer.
Shaped at 11:00- about 1 hour 40 after mixing. The dough was so lovely and full of air bubbles.

## Proofing
Preheated the oven for 45 minutes at 485 F
The bread wasn't over proofed yet! So I let it sit for another 10 minutes, and it seemed pretty well proofed.

## Baking
30 minutes with the lid on
22 minutes with the lid off

What a great noise it's making as it's cooling. This loaf is very tall- and it's fluffy with fabulous crunchy crust! Be still my heart.
