Forkish's Overnight 40% Wheat Bread, half recipe

# Takeaways:
- Try cooler water for the autolyse... maybe aim for 87 F next time
- Try bulk fermenting for a shorter period of time: recipe assumes room temp is 65-70 and it's usually warmer than that in the house in the summer
- Try baking at 485 F next time, 500 F is too hot


# Diary:

### Autolyse
Started autolyse at 12:30 pm

Used:
- 400 g water at 92 degrees
- 300 g bread flour
- 200 g wheat flour

Mixed and left for 20 minutes.

### Mixed
Added:
- 1.2 g yeast (trying a bit under the recipe's spec of 1.5 as a high-altitude adjustment)
- 11 g salt

Mixed the dough, it was at 84/85 F so I put it in the fridge for 5 minutes.
(12:55 - 1:00)

### Folds
1:20 first fold
1:40 second fold
2:00 third fold
2:20 fourth fold

### Bulk Ferment
6 pm, Nic set it in the fridge because my meeting ran long

### Shaping 
6:25 pm, shaped the loaf. 
It was much easier to get a somewhat tense ball this time than it was last.

### Baking
7:10 am, Thursday
Preheated oven to 500 F this time because I thought it ran COLD last time.
I think the bread is overproofed... it doesn't spring back very well when poked. Will try bulk fermenting for less time next time.

Put it in the oven at 7:55am
It deflated a little when I put it in- the round was too big so it got a little crumpled.
Baked 30 minutes with the lid on.
It looks delightful! Took the lid off. The crumpled part sprung right back up.

Baked it for another 15 minutes and one (high) section was getting very dark, so I took it out.

### Conclusions
The bread was definitely more airy than last time, but the crust wasn't as good. I think 500 F is *too* high. 
I also think I probably just don't like the taste of wheat bread as much.

