## Trying Forkish's Overnight White Bread, half recipe
### Takeaways:
- High altitude adjustment?
- Need scale with sub-gram measurements
- An oven thermometer would be great
- Guess: the oven runs COLD


### Diary:
Started at 7 pm, Sunday

#### Mixing
Used:
- 390 g water at 95 degrees
- 500 g normal smith's flour

Mixed and left for 20 minutes (on a timer).

Added:
- 11 grams salt
- aiming for .4 grams of yeast

Horrible unexpected problems:
1. My scale doesn't show sub-gram accuracies. Oops.
The text suggested "a scant 1/4 t." as a substitute for .8 grams, but I don't even have a 1/4 t.
So what I did was I measured out 1 gram, then divided it in 4 and used 1/4.

2. Does that seem like a problem?
Because it is. I got the 1/4 t. mixed up with .4 grams so I only used about .25 grams. Eek. 

The dough was a lot hotter than it should be (87 rather than 78).
It's a warm summer day... I put it in the freezer for a few short minutes.

#### Folding
Folded the dough for 30 seconds.

It was still 85 F after dough, so I put it in the fridge for 10 minutes (on a timer).

Then took it out, added another hopefully .15 grams of yeast but who the hell knows.
Dough was 80/81 degrees, put it back for the remains of the 10 minutes.

Pulled it out a minute early and it was at exactly 78. Phew. 
Note for future:
10 minutes is too long to cool dough down a few degrees!

Let it set for 40 minutes & folded for about a minute.
... and then I accidently put it in the fridge because I was talking to my roommate and went into autopilot cleanup mode... shit.

Let it set for another 30ish minutes, folded for about a minute.
Set the bowl into a VERY MILDLY preheated oven for about 5 minutes to warm it back up... augh.

Set the dough for another maybe 35 minutes, and folded for about a minute. Leaving it for the night with the goal to pick up at 8 am tomorrow.

8 am, Monday:
#### Shaping
The loaf had risen and was *very* bubbly. Perhaps I added too much yeast?
Shaped the loaf.. but I had a hard time getting it very tight. In the book they had a picture of a sphere but mine was at best a fat slug.

Put it in the proofing basket.
The recipe calls for proofing for 1 hour 15 minutes, but that looser shaped loaves proof faster, so I'm going to try it at 45 min, and then an hour.

#### Proofing
Proofed it for the 45 minutes it took to get the oven / dutch oven hot enough.
Not sure if the oven runs hot or cold because my instant read thermometer doesn't run that high...

#### Baking
Baked with the lid on for 30 minutes.

Baked with lid off for another 30, and it was still pretty blonde- I think this means my oven runs COLD.

#### Taste??

Eureka! It's a little dense, but all in all it tastes great! Soft and warm on the inside, small air pockets, crispy crumb.
